Official Notice

1. Presentation of the website.

Pursuant to Article 6 of Law No. 2004-575 of June 21. trust in the digital economy. users of the site are informed of the identity of the various actors within its implementation. and monitoring:



Owner: Revue Bien-Etre.

Creator: Revue Bien-Être

Publication Manager: Revue Bien-Être

The publication manager is a natural or legal person.

Webmaster: Revue Bien-Être

Host: France

Credits:

The legal notice model is offered by the legal notice generator Subdelirium.com.



2. General conditions of use of the site and the services offered.

Use of the site implies full acceptance of the general terms of use described below. These terms of use are subject to change or amendment at any time, so users of www.revue-bien-etre.com are encouraged to review them regularly.

This site is generally available to users at any time. However, the decision to suspend for maintenance reasons may be taken by Revue Bien-Être, which will then endeavor to inform users in advance of the date and time of the intervention.

The website is regularly updated by Revue Bien-Être. In the same way, legal notices may be modified at any time: they are nevertheless binding on the user, who is invited to refer to them as often as possible to read them.



3- Description of the services provided.

The purpose of the site is to provide information on all the company's activities.

Revue Bien-Être endeavors to provide as accurate information as possible on the site . However, the company cannot be held responsible for omissions, inaccuracies and deficiencies in updates caused by the company itself or by third-party partners providing this information.

All information provided on www.revue-bien-etre.com is provided for informational purposes only and is subject to change. In addition, the information on the site is not exhaustive. They are provided subject to changes made since they were posted online.



4. Contractual limitations of technical data.

The website uses JavaScript technology.

The site is not liable for material damage related to the use of the site. In addition, the user of the site undertakes to access the site using the latest virus-free hardware and with an updated browser of the latest generation.



5. Intellectual property and counterfeit products.

Revue Bien-Être owns the intellectual property rights or rights to use all the elements available on the site, in particular texts, images, graphics, logos, icons, sounds, software.

Any reproduction, representation, modification, modification, publication, adaptation of all or part of the elements of the site, regardless of the means or processes used, is prohibited without the prior written authorization of: Revue Bien-Être.

Any unauthorized use of the site or any of the elements contained therein will be considered an infringement and prosecuted in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.335-2 et seq. of the Intellectual Property Code.



6. Limitation of liability.

Revue Bien-Être cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damage caused to the user's equipment when accessing the site and resulting from the use of equipment that does not meet the specifications referred to in paragraph 4, or the occurrence of an error or incompatibility.

Revue Bien-Être also cannot be held liable for consequential damages (such as loss of market or opportunity) resulting from the use of the site .

Interactive spaces are available to users (possibility to ask questions in the contact area). Revue Bien-Être reserves the right to remove, without prior notice, any content posted in this space that contravenes the legislation in force in France, in particular the provisions relating to data protection. Where applicable, Revue Bien-Être also reserves the right to question the civil and/or criminal liability of the user, especially in the case of racist, offensive, defamatory or pornographic messages, regardless of the medium used (text, photograph, etc.).



7. Management of personal data.

In France, personal data are particularly protected by Law No. 78-87 of January 6, 1978, Law No. 2004-801 of August 6, 2004, Article L. 226-13 of the Penal Code and the European Directive of October 24. , 1995.

When using the site, the following information may be collected: URL address of the links from which the user accessed the site, the user's Internet Service Provider, the user's Internet Protocol. (IP address.

In any case, Revue Bien-Être collects personal information concerning the user only for the purposes of certain services offered by the site . 